Auto discover internal WebRTC candidate for add-on (#5089)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/live.md

WebRTC works by creating a TCP or UDP connection on port `8555`. However, it requires additional configuration:

- For external access, over the internet, setup your router to forward port `8555` to port `8555` on the Frigate device, for both TCP and UDP.

> - For internal/local access, and you are running through docker, you will need to use a custom go2rtc config:

Reviewer: Seeing this again I think "custom go2rtc config" can maybe be reworded to "you will need to set..."

Author: ```suggestion
- For internal/local access, unless you are running through the add-on, you will also need to set the WebRTC candidates list in the go2rtc config:
```

> - For internal/local access, unless you are running through the add-on, you will also need to set the WebRTC candidates list in the go2rtc config:
> 
>   1. Add your internal IP to the list of `candidates`. Here is an example, assuming that `192.168.1.10` is the local IP of the device running Frigate:

Author: ```suggestion
- For internal/local access, unless you are running through the add-on, you will also need to set the WebRTC candidates list in the go2rtc config. For example, if `192.168.1.10` is the local IP of the device running Frigate:
```

           - stun:8555
     ```

:::tip

> This extra configuration is probably not required if you installed Frigate through the Home Assistant add-on, as Frigate uses the Supervisor's API to get both the local IP of the device and the port that go2rtc's WebRTC interface has been forwarded to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extra configuration may not be required if Frigate has been installed as a Home Assistant add-on, as Frigate uses the Supervisor's API to generate a WebRTC candidate.
```

> However, defining the candidates manually will not hurt even if you are using the Home Assistant add-on. You should do this if the Frigate add-on fails to detect this information. If it's the case, you will see some warnings like the below in the add-on logs page during the initialization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is recommended if issues occur to define the candidates manually. You should do this if the Frigate add-on fails to generate a valid candidate. If an error occurs you will see some warnings like the below in the add-on logs page during the initialization:
```
